# 主任推薦

@Chiao-Wen Cheng 

Dear admission committee, 

I am Szu-Yu Chen, director of the career center in National Central University, part of my duties are supervising Chi-Yuan as well as the team he is leading. Chi-Yuan had been served as the CEO of the campus-recruiting events for a year, one of the few considerable projects a student can undertake–assisting the school to host the career fair and several corporate briefings. Through the time I have known him, I am convinced that he is a reliable executive. Given his outstanding work performance at the career center, I would highly recommend Chi-Yuan for admission to your university. 

During the period he served in the career center, I found him to be a thoughtful and well-rounded decision maker. For example, the career recruiting team included seven separate groups, each had its own complicated content. He proactively made a detailed list, which was created by Excel and labeled with corresponding due date, to track all the pending issues and tasks that each group should be doing. Additionally, he ensured that all the tasks are done correctly and efficiently. He exhibited a range of skills in managing his duty and made valuable contribution to the entire team.

During my time working with Chi-Yuan, he also showcased a strong presentation skill, and able to present a complex notion in a simple way. When he was working on a work report, he visualized the data collected from survey as visual aids. He not only delivered the results in a well-organized and easy-to-follow structure, but provided several constructive suggestions for future events according to the visualized graph. 

Furthermore, what Chi-Yuan had impressed me the most was his adaptability in the face of challenges. For instance, because of the outbreak of the Pandemic, we had no choice but to cancel the physical career fair. However, Chi-Yuan did not feel overwhelmed, he then started discussing alternatives with me immediately. Afterwards, he proposed to host the virtual career fair in gaming format and soon mobilized his team to conduct the project. Collaborated with a gaming company, Tempest Digital Ltd., they successfully transplanted all the features of physical career fair, including real-time interaction with HR, resume submission and reward cards, into the virtual version. At the end, the number of visitors at the career fair actually doubled the number from the year before, reaching up to 7000 within three days. It is fascinating and mind-blowing for me to see such a marvelous result in merely a month.

While serving at the career center, Chi-Yuan displayed an outstanding performance and maintained great interpersonal relationships with others. He also exhibited such creative approach and discipline perseverance under a short time pressure. As a result, I am certain that he would be an indispensable asset to your program, and he has my earnest recommendation. Please feel free to contact me if you have any further questions. 

Best Regards,

Szu-Yu Chen

Director of Career Center
National Central University
+886-3-422-7151 #57243/65276
[sychen@dop.ncu.edu.tw](mailto:sychen@dop.ncu.edu.tw)

### 備用

康朗 上進心 不放棄 可以感染身邊的人 是他的優勢 做一道橋樑串連起身邊的人 熱心助人熱心助人

share experience to fellows + for team work

highly praised by the president

predictable surprise (plan ahead)

發現潛在問題

good at handle team relationship

視訊 遊

說明會

餐敘

疫情

collaborated with a gaming company

provide constructive suggestions to 

在前一兩週就排好整年的計畫 排程 後來也如期完成，不太需要擔心

七個組 彼此有交互的工作內容