# 庭斌推薦信

### personality:

My name is professor Ting-Pin Wu from the National Central University, and I have employed here for several years. I got to know Chi-Yuan very well as his advisor in the department of finance. I also taught him the course Futures and Options and Financial Engineering during 2019-2020. Based on my observation to Chi-Yuan and his excellent in-class performance, I would like to highly recommend Chi-Yuan for your University, especially for the field of finance because he is one of the only students who can clearly understand and apply the methods of finance-related topics. 

### 財務工程

In the class of Financial Engineering, I have had sufficient opportunities to observe Chi-Yuan’s participation and to evaluate his knowledge of the subject. He was able to conduct high-quality quantitative analysis and present the content with well-organized structure. For instance, Chi-Yuan was able to apply Python Programming proficiently to write an advanced trading strategy regarding Bollinger Bands indicator. He could not only fully understand the statistical meanings behind the indicator but could logically adjust his trading strategy according to his backtesting results. Furthermore, he even applied what he had learnt in class to create his own stock portfolio as a side project and discussed his investing mindset with me. I found him capable to quickly absorb new knowledge and can interpret financial cases comprehensively. As a result, I can clearly see his potential in contributing the field of finance.

### 課外活動

Besides his achievement in his specialization, Chi-Yuan also participated in several extracurricular activities. After class, he joined the campus recruiting team of NCU, an international volunteer group and an alumni association. He served as a leader in all of the organizations mentioned above, creating and managing several activities for the students. For instance, when he served as a CEO of the campus recruiting events, he organized his team members to create the first innovating virtual career fair, which were host in the form of video game and reported by local media. The event is highly praised among students and attending corporations.  As for international volunteer, Chi-Yuan was responsible to design activities for elementary school students in remote counties and manage recurring team chores. He also delivered several public speeches, striving for financial assistance from the government for the project. Chi-Yuan's extracurricular performance is so well that won him many merit based scholarships. Including Li-Xing Cai Outstanding Leadership Scholarship, which is one of the most prestigious scholarships a student can earn in our school, rewarding his dedicated contribution serving for the community.

### conclusion

Through his in-class performance and the activities he participated in. I am certain that Chi-Yuan is strongly suitable for your program. He shows his ability to conduct complex analysis logically and interpret the information comprehensively. Plus, he presents a quality of great leadership and a commendable enthusiasm to serve the needs. I believe that he could definitely make valuable contribution to your school and I would be appreciate for your favorable consideration of his application.

he present a quality of great leadership

serve the needs, design the activities for local children 

commendable enthusiasm to serve the needs

I am certain that Chi-Yuan is strongly suitable for your program and I would appreciate your favorable consideration of his application.

make valuable contribution to school