# 志偉推薦信 done

[(完稿)鄭期元__RL1.pdf](%E5%BF%97%E5%81%89%E6%8E%A8%E8%96%A6%E4%BF%A1%20done%20fcbe6d92515c48cbb9e1f54a333318c6/(%E5%AE%8C%E7%A8%BF)%E9%84%AD%E6%9C%9F%E5%85%83__RL1.pdf)

Dear Admission Committee,

### 關係 為何推薦？

It is my pleasure to recommend Chi-Yuan Cheng for graduate study in your program. I came to know Chi-Yuan very well as the advisor of his senior study project of the course *Case Study in Financial Management.* In my opinion, he is an outstanding student from his studying performance. I truly believe that he will thrive as an excellent student in your program. 

(是否需要寫到與老師接觸的頻率？)

### 研究能力 成績表現 快速學習的能力

Chi-Yuan deeply **impressed** me for his exceptional performance and fast-learning capacity, which are the main reasons encouraged me to write this recommendation letter for his admission to your program. For instance, since basic coding skills that a finance undergraduate student usually possess are not capable of conducting more in-depth study, advanced coding skills are required to conduct further analysis. Chi-Yuan then demonstrated remarkable fast-learning capacity to master his SAS programing skills within a month. What's surprising is that he can immediately apply the new skill to run complex quantitative model such as multiple regression models and Modified Jones Model with highly understanding. Plus, He also performed self-directed learning and spent a lot of time reviewing literature, he was good at fetching the crucial points of each document and can present in well-organized structure. Based on his excellent work in presenting academic paper regarding corporate governance, he got the score with A+ for this course. 

### teamwork

Apart from that, what **particularly impressed** me was that Chi-Yuan was capable of making significant contribution to teamwork, organizing the team to work with the project. Through the time I have know him, I found him a really responsible leader. I saw him leading the group discussion within the group very often, and he is good at creating enjoyable working environment as well. He is always enthusiastic and easy to work with. Which may explain why he got an exceptional score from the feedback sheet of his teammates. Based on the facts listing above, which all indicate that Chi Yuan is an excellent student and holds serious attitude in study, I feel confident that he will continue to succeed on your own program.

### 結論

To my pleasure, Chi-Yuan wishes to continue his study for a master degree. I am sure his fast-learning capacity and great teamwork skills allow him to undertake future challenges. Considering on his outstanding performance in undergraduate program of NCU and great passion on the field of finance, I give Chi-Yuan my highest recommendation and shall appreciate your favorable consideration of his application.

### 備用

Mr. Su made himself distinguished

he topic with which Chi-Yuan and his group members decided to work discuss several possible financial outcomes result from different characteristics of board composition.

he has already possessed sufficient prerequisite knowledge for future advanced research and certainly has the ability to undertake doctoral courses

get highest feedback from his group member

can present in a well-organized way.

Hence, I strongly believe that his quantitative skills from my course would be useful on your own programs.