# cv 新聞翻譯

### National Central University Built First  "Virtual Career Fair", Attracting 7000 Attendances.

The trend of online and cloud based services thrive as the spread of the Pandemic. National Central University (NCU), in response to the Pandemic, built the first "Virtual Career Fair". Visitors of the career fair almost doubled the number than it was last year, reaching 7000 within three days. The event is highly praised by students and attending corporates.

Jing-Yang Zhou, President of NCU, contended that the most iconic feature of NCU career events is that the activities is organized and practiced by a well-trained student team. This year, the team alliance with Tempest Digital Ltd., a gaming company founded by NCU alumni, to host the career fair in the form of online game. Visitors can not only enjoy the joy of gaming, but they can also deliver their resume instantly or consult with HRs through webcam directly. "Outbreak of the Pandemic is like an exam to test whether students have enough adaptability and innovative capacity to deal with problems." said the President Jing-Yang Zhou

Chi-Yuan Cheng, Chief Executive Officer of the campus recruiting events, pointed out that the online event do have some advantages traditional one don't. For example, online events is more efficient for students to find the information they need.

25 team member have been planning the event for a year. After the Pandemic outbreak, they had no choice but to cancel the physical event. However, they did not feel overwhelmed. Instead, they started to discuss alternatives immediately and finally brought the career fair into a new era. "We can learn the enthusiast and perseverance from these students, proud to see them accomplished such a seemingly impossible mission within a month." said Szu-Yu Chen, director of NCU career center.